How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    very nice and easy

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I could easily move from the previous changes of the file. There is no
need to worry if I accidentally modified some changes.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    no answer

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    it does not actually delete/modify files and keep one copy of that file.
It's saving all the versions of that file.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log - to get the historyand all changes of all files of the repository
    git diff - to get some changes in a particular file

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    for my projects where I need to change a code from time to time

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like
Google docs does?

    Pros:
	get to know how the file progresses and the changes it undergoes
through time
	you can control the changes(it's manual right!)
	you can use git diff to see differences between two commits.

    Cons:
	you have to do the "committing stage" unlike the the automatic saving
where you'll just press save button and done.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file
separately?
    Git is more on version control for codes and scripts, so there are file
scripts that are interdependent to each other. This means that when you
changed something in one file you also need to change the other file.

   Google docs is not for the programmers!hahaha.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
files?

   git log is for viewing the history of the changes
	git log --stat (includes also the statistics)
   git diff is for getting the difference between two commits
	git diff first_id second_id


